Updated PR template for return of Netlify functionality (#50329)
openshift/openshift-docs: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--- Add direct link(s) to the exact page(s) with updated content from the preview build. -->

<!-- NOTE:

> Automatic preview functionality is currently only available for some branches. For PRs that update the rendered build in any way against branches that do not create an automated preview:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic preview functionality is currently only available for some branches. For PRs that update the public user-facing documentation in any way against branches that do not create an automated preview:
```
